I just watched chopped for 3 hours straight. The baskets were hard in some of them.
What is your favorite Tom Hanks movie of them all?
Arizona seems like a nice place to live.
tell about your hobbies
Have you heard of the 5x5 program? It's setup to help you achieve strength and muscle mass utilizing 3 main exercises over 5x5 repetitions..
What are your favorite books by Steven Pressfield?
I am a fan of Dylan Thomas' poetry. I love the structure, the imagery, and the metaphors.
I can never resist buying a chocolate bar when I am at the grocery store.
Have you ever been to any of the state parks?
I don't know if I was born to kill plants, or if I just need a little help to give them a fighting chance to survive at my house.
Hey there. I heard your favorite book is Pride & Prejudice. The original title of the book was supposed to be "First Impressions".
What is your favorite brand of bass? That's the electric bass, right?
Chris Pratt's highest rated movie The LEGO Movie!
have you ever been shot by a paintball?
I have never heard of Mario Party. Is this a game by Nintendo?
Have you tried Skillet fried chicken? It's the best!
Titanic is really a great achievement in film. It's no surprise that James Cameron won the Oscar for best director for his masterful work. It also won for art direction, cinematography and best original song.
You're a basketball fan. Are you a Bulls fan? Have they been doing well recently? Who is your favorite player?
I'm not too familiar with David Essex's Rock On. Tell me something about the song.
Have you ever been to the Whiting Lakefront Park and Beach in Indiana?
It's getting pretty close to summer. What is the weather usually like in Washington DC during the summer months?
Reckless Kelly is amazing! What's your favorite song?
My favorite song is See you again, and the reason is that it related to my current situation deeply. 
Pee Wee Herman made a bunch of pics. Which one is your favorite?
I really enjoy running, do you!
are you looking for a job? who is your favorite actor
Its almost spring. It is time for more comfortable dog walking!
Do you think kevin Durant is better than John Franco?
I love looking at new fishing equipment, just the thought of getting out on the water makes me excited.
help me! i have six children!
What have you bought recently?
Do you like System of a Down?
I really enjoy watching all kinds of things live, music, concerts, bands. Have you ever seen a band live before?
Acrophobia is one of the most common fears, and can manifest itself in different such as vertigo, which is a sense of dizziness, bathmophobia, which is a fear of stairs and slopes, and aerophobia, which is the fear of flying. But the good news is that's ways to help lessen that fear!
Do you like working out with weights or cardio work more?
I know that your favorite season is spring but don't you suffer from allergies? 
There are so many types of Sushi.
My favorite thing to do is drive through the mountains. What do you like to do?
What meal did you have at your last dinner party?
do you have any pets?
Have  you read Frechman's Creek by Dauphne Demaurier? It is my favorite book.
There are many different flavors of bubble tea, they all taaste very good.
Have you ever heard of the band Motionless in White? They are my favorite music band.
Whats your favourite song?
I was on a plane last week and I ran out of things to watch. Luckily they had The Big Lebowski, the trusty standby!
I love to play Football at the weekends.
Do you enjoy eating Swiss chocolates such as Lindt, Toblerone, and Nestle?
What is the book A Little Princess about?
Who's your favorite actor?
I love Scrubs, its a great tv show
J.R.R Tolkkien only use two fingers to type 1200 pages for the books
That's so cool! Have you ever traveled to Italy for a vacation?
I loved the movie faceoff.  The way they did a role reversal with Nicolas Cage and John Travolta was amazing.
I went skiing in Flagstaff for the first time this winter and I really enjoyed it.
You're a Kentucky Wildcats fan right, I just heard a story about them on Kentucky Sports Radio.
I use to join a lot of sports teams when i was younger.
The Vegas Golden Knights have created a lot of excitement in the local area. 
I have never heard of H&M
Not sure how I feel about the new Nvidia video cards.
So The football club you apart of sounds really intertesting. can you tell me more about it
Poker takes a lot of skill and strategy to be successful. 
Are you a fan of Star Trek Discovery?
What Kind of camper trailer was bought?
A gaming PC sounds like a great buy! What kind of games do you play on it?
Running at night when no one is around is one of my favorite things to do
I was amazed when I found out last year that L&O:SVU passed Gunsmoke as the longest runnng drama on TV now
Do you just run for fun or have you ran some marathons?
I see you like rice, would you like to purchase a rice cooker ?
The Good Doctor must be a very exciting show. Characters with extraordinary abilities like Shaun's are very interesting!
who does the best acting in film, Sam Rockwell or Kevin Spacey?
Are you a fan of emo music from the 2000s?
Toffee? Like the kind topped with chocolate and almonds? 
I hear that you like watching baseball. What is your favorite team?
I see that you have a favorite book, would you like to talk about it?
Oh cool! the developers were influence by the legend of zelda breathe of the wild Im pretty sure
I've never heard of this band before, what type of music do they make?
how long ago did you move from San Francisco
Where is Wes Anderson from and where was he born?
How did you like the movie the little princess? I feel the book written by frances hodgson burnett was so much better
I just love to read fantasy.
So how did you come to know Hikaru Utada? Do you know sher voice is in video games?
I'm looking for a place to skydive, do you have any suggestion?
I can't wait for the baseball season to start. The Yankees are looking pretty good and I can't wait for them to go for their 28th World Championship!
Armand Petitjean created Lancome perfume to mimic the smell of a rose.
Who is your favorite rock band these days?
Scooters are quite a popular mode of transportation! Especially in situations where parking is scarce!
What do you think our chances of avoiding relegation this year?
Have you ever had pizza bianca?  It's a white pizza with olive oil and no tomato sauce
Last week I saw a beautiful red bird on my neighbors house and it was so cute!
I really enjoy building and painting small model cars.
Do you enjoy wearing plain or graphic T-shirts?
I wish I knew what the number one gaming computer brand is. I thought it was AlienWare but I am not sure.
My all time favorite kinds of clothes are workout clothes. They are soft and comfortable. They are stretchy so I can wear them all day for any activity. My favorite brand is Nike but Fabletics also has some wonderful fashionable sets
I love This Is Us, it's my favorite TV show. I look forward to it every week!
I am such a fan of Bruno Mars new song, have you heard it?
Have you ever listened to jazz/funk?
Do you go to the Eaton Centre when you visit Montreal?
I like playing tennis.  I play tennis everyday in our public ground.
Jumanji part 2 is better than part 1. Part 3 is on the way
FC Barcelona are an amazing team aren't they, i'm glad Ernesto Valverde just revealed the 18 players for saturdays game, its a good line up i'm looking forward to it 
I read an article the other day about the Black Mountain in Pisgah National Forest! I hear its one of the most dangerous.
I it almost time for baseball yet?
do you like baking, cake decorating
What kind of dogs do you have?
What is your favorite food to cook? I've found a good recipe with brussel sprouts and sausage.
Good morning, I am wearing my favorite vans today. They are blue and red :) 
I love small cities.  Because,  That is beautiful.
have you ever been to a foo fighters concert?
I have a word club meeting tonight. Do you know of any new word games?
How long have you listened to Mozart?
If you had to choose between Gravity or Oceans 8, Which one would you pick?
I a huge fan of Queen. Do you listen to their music?
Comedy shows are the best, have you ever watched the show "Fresh Off the Boat"? It's hilarious! 
All of my clothing has a ton of pockets. I'm ready for the apocolypse
Thats fascinating, what brands or types do you favor? I've always liked skeleton watches. 
There's a battle field in Fort Texas called Palo Alto Battlefield
What is your favourite design of nike shoe?
What's your favorite trail to hike in Phoenix?
Wow! That's awesome! Do you like gaming?
I tried cooking Gyros, a greek sandwhich/wrap a few weeks ago and they were so amazing. I have also cooked foods from other countries recently. I love finding out new and strange foods from all around the world.
Good morning, I am not really familiar with Jordan Peterson, is he the professor from Toronto?
What's your favorite thing about the Mass Effect game? The missions and voice actors are so good compared to other games.
Have you seen the show, the Handmaids Tale?
Who is your favorite player on the Lakers? 
The show DareDevil is amazing. It's a shame they ended it over business nonsense. 
NBA has a great site I like for the latest score
He was very passionate about penal reform.
Who's your favorite music band?
What is your favorite video game console ?
I had this one coloring book that had the most basic animals and I made every one of them look real and 3D!
I went to an antique show this past weekend.  They had three cedar chests.
Is LeBron James better than DeAndre Jordan?
Congrats on your new sewing machine. what are you going to sew first? 
I really enjoy a hot pizza to treat myself after a long week of work. Do you have any similar traditions?
Shauna Johnston is my favorite actor on Heartland
How could a mother beat her daughter to death?
I love singing and dancing to Baby Shark with my two small children!
The Jazz have had some of the greatest players ever and the organization deserves to have a championship.
I believe a Prius is better than a full gasoline engine. What do you think?
Are you pumped for the next season of walking dead?
How do you feel about pizza with salami, pineapple, pickled red onion, barbeque sauce, and parmesan?
Have you been j jazzercizing lately? Do you stream it or watch it on youtube?
Where is your favourite place to fish?
I just finished rereading the book The Shining by Stephen King. Have you read it before?
I wear jeans all the time
I wish the weather would dry up a little.
I have been driving Toyota ever since my father bought me the first car
Hopefully time travel can become a reality soon.
uniqlo was found in 2005 by tadashi yanai, their clothing line is amazing, and their sales are even better.
I love the classic Paul Bunyon look, plus the flannel shirts are usually quite good at keeping you warm.
Books written by concentration camp survivors seem to be really serious in tone.
Travelling is the best. There have been some really cheap flights lately- like to Iceland for $45!
I love buying sushi, salmon specifically.
Mo Farah inspired me at the 2012 Olympics
I just finished sewing several masks to donate to the local school. 
What is your go-to meal to grill?
My favourite club that I support is Arsenal, I hope we can win some more trophies this next year.
I went to Ulta last night and got three new eye shadow palettes!  I am so excited!
Did you enjoy Picasso's blue period and one of his most sorrowful painting The Old Guitarist?
I just bought a bunch of stuff for Easter. Specifically, candy and toys for my kids' Easter baskets.
I'd love to see Arsenal lift the EPL or Champions league title with Aubemeyang captaining the squad
Are you familiar with the New Kids on the Block? They were a popular boys band in the eighties and nineties, who have recently made a big comeback.
Have you ever read Dauphne DeMaurier's Frenchman's Creek? It speaks to me.
I really like to spend my free time doing arts and crafts, including crochet, sewing, and other "functional" art projects. Do you like doing any of these?
Hey there, What do you thing about fashion?
The classic Doctor Who series was from 1963 to 1989.  Are you into that time frame or an earlier time?
Rob Dyrdek is hilarious and has a very cool personality 
Good afternoon! Any fun plans for this weekend?
Leather jackets are cool. I own one, but I don't wear it too often. How about you? Do you go for the designer ones or something less known? 
Chess is an excellent way to challenge your and your opponent's wits. Do you prefer playing casually or competitively?
I like listening to classical music expsecially symphony
You like to take long walks with a prosthetic leg in Portland, Oregon where it rains all the time??
I've never heard of the TV show Free Fire Game! Where do you watch it, on a streaming service?
Do you think of soccer as an athletic puzzle?
How are you today?  I cannot wait until it's warm enough to go to the beach!
What is your favorite game? What type of game is your favorite?
My smart watch is awesome, it can do all kinds of things. 
it was updated on 2003, thats soo cool
Do you like cars?  I have a ford mustang that I love.
Hey there! Do you like fashion and shopping?
How do you go about searching for a new car to buy?